Drop outdated documentation (#2342)
rspec/rspec-rails: features/upgrade/README.md

# Upgrading from rspec-rails 3.x to version 4

> There is nothing that needs to be done to upgrade from RSpec Rails 3 to version 4.0.

Author: Can't think of anything, really.
Should we mention that the minimum Ruby version is now 2.2, and we recomment to update Rails 4.2 to a newer version?

Reviewer: I think it's a good idea :)

Reviewer 2: Yes this should mention that Rspec Rails is intended for Rails 5 and 6 and that the minimum ruby version is 2.2

> If you are upgrading from an earlier version of RSpec Rails, please consult [this document](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-rails/v/3-9/docs/upgrade).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading from an earlier version of RSpec Rails, please consult [the upgrading 2.x to 3.x guide](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-rails/v/3-9/docs/upgrade).
```

# Upgrading from rspec-rails 3.x to version 4

> RSpec Rails 4 requires Ruby 2.2.
> 
> Please also keep in mind that even though RSpec Rails 4 has soft support for Rails 4.2, it's recommended to use Rails 5+.
> 
> Other than that, there is nothing that needs to be done to upgrade from RSpec Rails 3 to version 4.0.

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase this, I feel its important to emphasise the last part, and less so the first part.

```suggestion
RSpec Rails 4 is a major version under semantic versioning, it allowed us to change the supported Rails versions to 5 and 6 only. There are no changes required to upgrade to RSpec Rails 4 if you are using Rails 5 or 6.

If you are using Rails 4.2 you can use RSpec Rails 4, but note that support for it is not maintained, we consider this a breaking change hence the version change, and you must be on Ruby 2.2 as a minimum.
```

Author: Much better, thanks.
